# Hashmap/HashTable

An implementation of a hashmap/hash table. This will probably require
a main.cc, function_library.cc and header_file.h to keep
code organised and scalable.

To compress different key-value pairs, I will compress the keys and 
put the resulting key-value pairs in boxes.

To compress each key, I will use the 3n+1 problem I explored elsewhere
in this repo to compress the key of the key-value pair.

When a value is given, its key will be generated by taking the sum of
ASCII representations of each character. A checksum. This will generate
the key-value pair for each value. 

Why do it this way? Because I felt like it. 

If two keys happen to have the same compression number, they will form a
linked list

So;
    value -> [sum of values] -> key/checksum -> [3n+1 compression] -> compression number/bucket

Savvy?


My only question, are the buckets the compression numbers are in stored
in a linked list too, or are they in a dynamic array? I choose linked list,
because I can visualise the implementation and I'm pretty sure that a 
"dynamic array" would require copying stuff over each time.

Oh! A cool thing would be to use a bitmap to check if each bucket existed
or had yet to be made. Later. For now, implementing bucket nodes and value
nodes.

Having implemented `compress()` without any compilation errors or segmentation
faults, (look at me go), I don't think this is actually the worst way of 
implementing a compression algorithm for the purpose of storing values in
buckets.

Also, I will be testing this with Valgrind to check its memory usage. Currently,
it is not memory safe, and has leaks.
Oh boy, Valgrind might make this hard... I think I might need to look at how 
new value nodes are initialised, and how those pointers are passed around.

Putting it through the Valgrind paces is definitely something worth taking the
time to do, but right now I fancy seeing how it does if the program is given a
dictionary. Maybe it could create a .txt file that would have the print out
of the map in there as well? Just a little file I/O refresher. The Valgrind
stuff is super important though.